README.md, before:

# RNN Bot Writer App (deployed on Google Cloud Platform)
See live action [here](https://app191114.appspot.com/).
### To set up GCP:
* [Github Demo](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/serverless-store-demo)
* [Python3 GCP App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python3/quickstart?fbclid=IwAR31gptmZIIA0xDj5dumgkQ-7mNiDfLq5wJel5i00enhqer8gyeKJy6kg_Q)

### To test webapp locally:
1. navigate to the app root directory
2. activate the conda environment with Python3
3. build docker image:
    ```
    docker build -t rnnbot . && docker run --rm -it -p 8080:8080 rnnbot
    ```
4. go to http://localhost:8080

(Note: make sure to use [port 8080 on GCP Flex Runtime](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/custom-runtimes/build#listening_to_port_8080))

### To deploy the app on GCP:
1. navigate to the app root directory
2. set the gcloud configuration and deploy the app:
    ```
    gcloud config set project YOUR-PROJECT-ID
    gcloud app deploy
    ```
3. once it's deployed, you can open the webapp by running this in the terminal:
    ```
    gcloud app browse
    ```
    or on https://[YOUR-PROJECT-NAME].appspot.com

### Other good resources:
* FastAI Python Live [Example](https://fastai-v3.onrender.com/)/ [Github](https://github.com/render-examples/fastai-v3/blob/master/app) (deployed on Render)

Commit message:

updated readme to include what does this do

README.md, after:

# RNN Bot Writer App (deployed on Google Cloud Platform)
See live action [here](https://app191114.appspot.com/).

### What does this repo do?
This repo serves a pre-trained character-level [RNN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recurrent_neural_network) model that synthesizes text given a user-prompt.

The model is running on CPU can be deployed with a custom flex instance on Google Cloud Compute (GCP). Model serving and backend functions are accomplished with async python ASGI framework called [Starlette](https://www.starlette.io/) along with ASGI server [uvicorn](https://github.com/encode/uvicorn).

### To set up GCP:
* [Github Demo](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/serverless-store-demo)
* [Python3 GCP App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python3/quickstart?fbclid=IwAR31gptmZIIA0xDj5dumgkQ-7mNiDfLq5wJel5i00enhqer8gyeKJy6kg_Q)

### To test webapp locally:
1. navigate to the app root directory
2. activate the conda environment with Python3
3. build docker image:
    ```
    docker build -t rnnbot . && docker run --rm -it -p 8080:8080 rnnbot
    ```
4. go to http://localhost:8080

(Note: make sure to use [port 8080 on GCP Flex Runtime](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/custom-runtimes/build#listening_to_port_8080))

### To deploy the app on GCP:
1. navigate to the app root directory
2. set the gcloud configuration and deploy the app:
    ```
    gcloud config set project YOUR-PROJECT-ID
    gcloud app deploy
    ```
3. once it's deployed, you can open the webapp by running this in the terminal:
    ```
    gcloud app browse
    ```
    or on https://[YOUR-PROJECT-NAME].appspot.com

### Other good resources:
* FastAI Python Live [Example](https://fastai-v3.onrender.com/)/ [Github](https://github.com/render-examples/fastai-v3/blob/master/app) (deployed on Render)
